eddie mora is a struggling author in new
york city
his girlfriend lindy frustrated with his
lack of progress
as well as his seeming lack of ambition
motivation
and focus breaks up with him eddie
encounters vernon
the brother of his ex-wife melissa who
gives him a sample of a new nootropic
called
nct 48 which vernon implies will help
eddie with his creative problems
on the drug eddie discovers that he has
acquired perfect recall
and is able to analyze minute details
and information at incredible speed
as the pill takes effect he is being
yelled at by his landlord's wife
with his new power he calms her down
helps her with her law school homework
and sleeps with her
his abilities compel him to tidy up his
apartment and give him immense
inspiration for his book
soon afterwards vernon is murdered by
someone searching for the drug
eddie locates vernon's supply and takes
increasing doses
as his life improves he decides to begin
investing in the stock market
he is hired at a brokerage firm and
resumes his relationship with lindy
his success leads to a meeting with
finance tycoon carl van loon
who tests him by seeking advice on a
merger with hank atwood's company
after the meeting eddie experiences an
18-hour loss of memory
which he refers to as a time skip the
next day in a meeting with van loon
eddie sees a news telecast that a woman
has been murdered in her hotel room
eddie recognizes her as the woman he
slept with during his time
skip and abruptly leaves the meeting
eddie realizes that everyone taking
nzt48 is either hospitalized or dead
a man in a trench coat is revealed to
have been following him
lindy tells eddie she cannot be with him
while he is on the drug
eddie experiments with nct 48 and learns
to control his dosage
sleep schedule and food intake to
prevent side effects
he hires a laboratory in an attempt to
reverse engineer the drug
an attorney to keep the police from
investigating the death of vernon or the
woman
and two bodyguards to protect him from
gennady a loan shark
who is threatening him to obtain more
nzt-48
on the day of the merger atwood falls
into a coma eddie recognizes atwood's
driver as the man in the trench coat and
realizes atwood is on nct 48
while eddie participates in a police
lineup his attorney steals eddie's
supply of pills from his jacket pocket
eddie enters into withdrawal and while
van loon questions him about atwood's
coma
eddie receives a parcel that is found to
contain the severed hands of his
bodyguards
he hurries home and locks himself in
before gennady breaks into eddie's
apartment
demanding more nzt-48 gennady flaunts
his abilities while injecting himself
with nct-48
explaining that by injecting it directly
into the bloodstream
the effects last longer and the
withdrawal symptoms are lessened
as gennady threatens to eviscerate him
eddie grabs his own knife and kills
gennady
eddie then consumes gennady's blood to
ingest the nzt48 in the blood
this gives eddie the mental abilities of
the drug once again
and he is able to kill the remaining
henchmen
he then meets with the man in the trench
coat surmising that atwood employed the
man to locate more
nzt-48 once atwood dies
the two recover eddie's stash from his
attorney's apartment
a year later eddie has retained his
wealth published a book
and is running for the united states
senate van loon visits him and reveals
that he has absorbed the company that
produced nct 48
and shut down eddie's laboratory and
both acknowledge that eddie will likely
become president of the united states
one day
so van loon offers eddie a continued
supply of the drug in exchange for eddie
assisting his ambitions
eddie tells van loon that he has already
perfected the drug and weaned himself
off of it
retaining his abilities without side
effects
you